docs: rebranding changes (#3014)
chanzuckerberg/single-cell-data-portal: frontend/doc-site/01__CellxGene.mdx

# Welcome to CZ CELLxGENE

CELLxGENE is a suite of tools that help scientists to find, download, explore, analyze, annotate, and publish single cell datasets. It includes several powerful tools with various features to help you to engage with single cell data.

Clicking on the links below will take you to the tutorials for the relevant task.

<Image src={"/doc-site/1_umap.png"} height={250} />

> ## The Data Portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CZ CELLxGENE Discover
```

Find and download any of the data sets published on CELLxGENE.

Main Tasks: <NextLink href="/docs/02__Find%20Published%20Data">Find Public Data</NextLink>, <NextLink href="/docs/03__Download%20Published%20Data">Download Public Datasets</NextLink>

> ## The Hosted Data Explorer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CZ CELLxGENE Explorer
```

> Once you find a published data set of interest hosted on CELLxGENE, you can click on the explore button below the dataset description to enter the hosted explorer, which allows you to explore individual data sets hosted on the CELLxGENE platform in UMAP form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you find a published dataset of interest on CELLxGENE Discover, you can click on the explore button below the dataset description to explore the cells of that dataset using the CELLxGENE Explorer.
```

Main Tasks: <NextLink href="/docs/04__Analyze%20Public%20Data/4_0__Get%20Started">Explore & Analyze Individual Public Datasets</NextLink>

## scExpression

> ScExpression allows for exploration of gene expression by cell type across all data sets in the CELLxGENE data corpus. It is currently in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScExpression allows for exploration of gene expression by cell type across all data sets in the CELLxGENE Discover data corpus. It is currently in beta.
```

Main Tasks: <NextLink href="/docs/05__Annotate%20and%20Analyze%20Your%20Data/5_0__Get%20Started">Analyze & Annotate Private Data</NextLink>, <NextLink href="/docs/05__Annotate%20and%20Analyze%20Your%20Data/5_0__Get%20Started">Share & Analyze Private Datasets</NextLink>

> Interested in publishing your data on CELLxGENE? <NextLink href="/docs/032__Contribute%20and%20Publish%20Data">Learn more here</NextLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in publishing your data on CELLxGENE Discover? <NextLink href="/docs/032__Contribute%20and%20Publish%20Data">Learn more here</NextLink>
```
